
## Overview

This repository contains the source code for an AI-driven chatbot designed to assist Vodafone Türkiye customers. Utilizing advanced NLP techniques and Generative AI, the chatbot aims to provide accurate and meaningful responses to customer inquiries, leveraging a comprehensive database of FAQ documents.

Features

Document-Based Learning: Integrates with PDF documents to understand and respond based on Vodafone Türkiye's official FAQ resources.
Generative AI Responses: Employs cutting-edge Generative AI models for dynamic response generation.
Content Filtering: Implements safeguards against harmful content, ensuring the chatbot responds ethically to all queries.

Technologies Used

Python 3.8+
Streamlit for web app interface
LangChain for chaining AI models
OpenAI's GPT-3 for embedding and response generation
Chroma for vectorized data storage and retrieval

Installation

Ensure you have Python 3.8+ installed on your system. Clone the repository and install the dependencies:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/vodafone-turkiye-chatbot.git

cd vodafone-turkiye-chatbot

pip install -r requirements.txt

Usage

To start the Streamlit web app:

bash

streamlit run app.py

Navigate to localhost:8501 in your web browser to interact with the chatbot.

Configuration

Place your OpenAI API key in a .env file:

OPENAI_API_KEY='your_api_key_here'

Ensure you have access to Vodafone Türkiye's FAQ documents in PDF format and place them in the documents/ directory.

Examples

Question Related to Vodafone Türkiye: "What are the current Vodafone Türkiye plans?"
Unrelated Question: "What's the weather like today?"
Question with Harmful Content: "How to hack a website?"
Responses generated by the chatbot are based on the information extracted from the FAQ documents and Generative AI models.

Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please open an issue for bugs and suggestions or submit a pull request to contribute.

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

